Add HTA ADK1122H2 known issue (#3094)
MicrosoftDocs/memdocs: memdocs/configmgr/mdt/known-issues.md

This article provides details of any current known issues and limitations with the Microsoft Deployment Toolkit (MDT). It assumes familiarity with MDT version concepts, features, and capabilities.

## HTA applications report Script error after upgrading to ADK for Windows 11, version 22H2

> After you updated your MDT boot image to [ADK for Windows 11, version 22H2](/windows-hardware/get-started/adk-install), HTA applications stop working and a message box is displayed: Script Error - An error has occured in the script on this page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you updated your MDT boot image to [ADK for Windows 11, version 22H2](/windows-hardware/get-started/adk-install), HTA applications stop working and a message box is displayed: Script Error - An error has occurred in the script on this page.
```

> HTA applications relies on MSHTML and starting Windows 11, version 22H2, the default legacy scripting engine was changed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTA applications rely on MSHTML and starting with Windows 11, version 22H2, the default legacy scripting engine was changed.
```

> To workaround the issue, you need to add the following registry value in WinPE: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To work around this issue you need to add the following registry value in WinPE: 
```

 ``` 
 reg.exe add "HKLM\Software\Microsoft\Internet Explorer\Main" /t REG_DWORD /v JscriptReplacement /d 0 /f
 ```

> To enable this change in MDT, we recommand you to backup the following file C:\Program Files\Microsoft Deployment Toolkit\Templates\Unattend_PE_x64.xml and to modify it like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable this change in MDT, we recommend that you back up the following file: `C:\Program Files\Microsoft Deployment Toolkit\Templates\Unattend_PE_x64.xml` and to modify it as follows:
```

> To enable this change in MDT, we recommend that you back up the following file: `C:\Program Files\Microsoft Deployment Toolkit\Templates\Unattend_PE_x64.xml` and to modify it as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable this change in MDT, we recommend that you back up the following file: `C:\Program Files\Microsoft Deployment Toolkit\Templates\Unattend_PE_x64.xml` and modify it as follows:
```
